Add syntax config (#219)
ServiceNow/azimuth: docs/docs/key-concepts/smart-tags.md

* `multiple_sentences`: The number of sentences is above 1. All other syntactic smart tags will be
  disabled when this is the case.

> * `long_sentence`: The number of tokens is equal or above the defined threshold (default is 16).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `long_sentence`: The number of tokens is equal to or above the defined threshold (default is 16).
```

Reviewer: Although I think this would be more standard for >= comparisons:
```suggestion
* `long_sentence`: The number of tokens is greater than or equal to the defined threshold (default is 16).
```
